feat: PIA removal steps (#36)
onecx/docs-guides-ui: docs/modules/javascript/pages/migrations/migrate-to-v6.adoc

==== Portal Layout Styles Removal
Since version 6 of OneCX `@onecx/portal-layout-styles` library is no longer available. The library should not be used anymore and every application should make sure to <<styles-update, update application styles>>.

[#portal-integration-angular]
==== Portal Integration Angular Removal

> Since version 6 of OneCX `@onecx/portal-integration-angular` library is no longer available. The list of features that are still supported in different libraries or solutions can be found in the <<removed-from-integration-angular, removed from @onecx/portal-integration-interface>> section. It is important to <<replace-portal-core-module, replace PortalCoreModule>> if used in the application to preserve existing functionality.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since version 6 of OneCX, the `@onecx/portal-integration-angular` library is no longer available. The list of features that are still supported in other libraries and alternative solutions can be found in the <<removed-from-integration-angular, removed from @onecx/portal-integration-interface>> section. It is important to <<replace-portal-core-module, replace PortalCoreModule>> if used in the application to preserve existing functionality.
```

...
```

> The above snippet assumes that the exposed style sheet is in *src/styles.scss*. Setting the *inject* property to *true* might lead to hashing meaning the exposed file would be called *styles.HASH.css*, where *HASH* is generated hash value during project building. If this applies to your application, make sure to adjust the exposal so hash is not included.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The snippet above assumes that the exposed style sheet is in *src/styles.scss*. Setting the *inject* property to *true* might lead to hashing, meaning the exposed file would be called *styles.HASH.css*, where *HASH* is a generated hash value during the project building. If this applies to your application, make sure to adjust the exposal so the hash is not included.
```

[#replace-portal-core-module]
=== Replace PortalCoreModule

> If your application was using *PortalCoreModule* from *@onecx/portal-integration-angular*, it should replace all occurrences with *AngularAcceleratorModule* from *@onecx/angular-accelerator*. This will make sure that all components and directives 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your application was using *PortalCoreModule* from *@onecx/portal-integration-angular*, you should replace all occurrences with *AngularAcceleratorModule* from *@onecx/angular-accelerator*. This will make sure that all components and directives are working.
```

* ExportDataService 
* PortalDialogService
* ImageLogoUrlUtils
* DialogContentHarness
* DialogFooterHarness
* DialogInlineHarness
* DialogMessageContentHarness +
=> *These components are now in @onecx/angular-accelerator*

* PortalPageComponent (ocx-portal-page) + 

=> *These components are now in @onecx/angular-utils*

* PortalFooterComponent (portal-footer )
* PortalHeaderComponent (portal-header)
* PortalViewportComponent (portal-viewport) + 
=> *These components are now in @onecx/shell-core* 

* PortalMenuComponent (portal-menu)
* PortalMenuHorizontalComponent (portal-menu-horizontal)
* AppInlineProfileComponent (inline-profile) +
=> *They are now remote components in onecx-workspace-ui*

* AnnouncementBannerComponent (ocx-announcement-banner)
* AnnouncementsApiService +
=> *Now remote components in onecx-announcement-ui*

* HelpItemEditorComponent (ocx-help-item-editor)
* NoHelpItemComponent (ocx-no-help-item)
* HelpPageAPIService +
=> *Now remote components in onecx-help-ui*

* UserAvatarComponent (ocx-user-avatar)
* UserProfileAPIService +
=> *Now remote components in onecx-user-profile-ui*

* DataViewControlsComponent (ocx-data-view-controls) +

> => *Please, consider using the InteractiveDataViewComponent (ocx-interactive-data-view) from @onecx/angular-accelerator*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=> *Consider using the InteractiveDataViewComponent (ocx-interactive-data-view) from @onecx/angular-accelerator*
```

* PageContentComponent (ocx-page-content) +

> => *Please, consider using the OcxContentComponent (ocx-content) or OcxContentContainerComponent (ocx-content-container) from @onecx/angular-accelerator*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=> *Consider using the OcxContentComponent (ocx-content) or OcxContentContainerComponent (ocx-content-container) from @onecx/angular-accelerator*
```

* SearchCriteriaComponent (ocx-search-criteria)
* CriteriaTemplateComponent (ocx-criteria-template) +

> => *Please, consider using the SearchHeaderComponent (ocx-search-header) from @onecx/angular-accelerator*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=> *Consider using the SearchHeaderComponent (ocx-search-header) from @onecx/angular-accelerator*
```

* standaloneInitializer + 

> =>  *Please use standalone mode instead xref:angular:cookbook/migrations/enable-standalone/index.adoc[Documentation]*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=>  *Use standalone mode instead xref:angular:cookbook/migrations/enable-standalone/index.adoc[Documentation]*
```
